pmid	title	abstract	chinese_abstract
20692304	The structural biology of PRRSV	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is an enveloped, positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Arteriviridae family. Arteriviruses and coronaviruses are grouped together in the order Nidovirales, based on similarities in genome organization and expression strategy. Over the past decade, crystal structures of several viral proteins, electron microscopic studies of the virion, as well as biochemical and in vivo studies on protein-protein interactions have led to a greatly increased understanding of PRRSV structural biology. At this point, crystal structures are available for the viral proteases NSP1α, NSP1β and NSP4 and the nucleocapsid protein, N. The NSP1α and NSP1β structures have revealed additional non-protease domains that may be involved in modulation of host functions. The N protein forms a dimer with a novel fold so far only seen in PRRSV and other nidoviruses. Cryo-electron tomographic studies have shown the three-dimensional organization of the PRRSV virion and suggest that the viral nucleocapsid has an asymmetric, linear arrangement, rather than the isometric core previously described. Together, these studies have revealed a closer structural relationship between arteri- and coronaviruses than previously anticipated.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）是一种包膜的，正义的单链RNA病毒，属于Arteriviridae家族。根据基因组组织和表达策略的相似性，将小肠病毒和冠状病毒按Nidovirales顺序分组。在过去的十年中，几种病毒蛋白质的晶体结构，病毒体的电子显微镜研究以及蛋白质与蛋白质相互作用的生化和体内研究已使人们对PRRSV结构生物学有了极大的了解。此时，晶体结构可用于病毒蛋白酶NSP1α，NSP1β和NSP4以及核衣壳蛋白N。NSP1α和NSP1β结构揭示了可能参与宿主功能调节的其他非蛋白酶结构域。迄今为止，N蛋白形成的二聚体具有新的折叠，仅在PRRSV和其他尼多病毒中可见。低温电子断层扫描研究表明PRRSV病毒粒子的三维组织，并表明病毒核衣壳具有不对称的线性排列，而不是先前描述的等距核心。总之，这些研究表明动脉病毒和冠状病毒之间的结构关系比以前预期的更紧密。

30944180	Arterivirus nsp4 Antagonizes Interferon Beta Production by Proteolytically Cleaving NEMO at Multiple Sites	Equine arteritis virus (EAV) and porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) represent two members of the family Arteriviridae and pose major threats for the horse- and swine-breeding industries worldwide. A previous study suggested that PRRSV nsp4, a 3C-like protease, antagonizes interferon beta (IFN-β) production by cleaving the NF-κB essential modulator (NEMO) at a single site, glutamate 349 (E349). Here, we demonstrated that EAV nsp4 also inhibited virus-induced IFN-β production by targeting NEMO for proteolytic cleavage and that the scission occurred at four sites: E166, E171, glutamine 205 (Q205), and E349. Additionally, we found that, besides the previously reported cleavage site E349 in NEMO, scission by PRRSV nsp4 took place at two additional sites, E166 and E171. These results imply that while cleaving NEMO is a common strategy utilized by EAV and PRRSV nsp4 to antagonize IFN induction, EAV nsp4 adopts a more complex substrate recognition mechanism to target NEMO. By analyzing the abilities of the eight different NEMO fragments resulting from EAV or PRRSV nsp4 scission to induce IFN-β production, we serendipitously found that a NEMO fragment (residues 1 to 349) could activate IFN-β transcription more robustly than full-length NEMO, whereas all other NEMO cleavage products were abrogated for the IFN-β-inducing capacity. Thus, NEMO cleavage at E349 alone may not be sufficient to completely inactivate the IFN response via this signaling adaptor. Altogether, our findings suggest that EAV and PRRSV nsp4 cleave NEMO at multiple sites and that this strategy is critical for disarming the innate immune response for viral survival.IMPORTANCE The arterivirus nsp4-encoded 3C-like protease (3CLpro) plays an important role in virus replication and immune evasion, making it an attractive target for antiviral therapeutics. Previous work suggested that PRRSV nsp4 suppresses type I IFN production by cleaving NEMO at a single site. In contrast, the present study demonstrates that both EAV and PRRSV nsp4 cleave NEMO at multiple sites and that this strategy is essential for disruption of type I IFN production. Moreover, we reveal that EAV nsp4 also cleaves NEMO at glutamine 205 (Q205), which is not targeted by PRRSV nsp4. Notably, targeting a glutamine in NEMO for cleavage has been observed only with picornavirus 3C proteases (3Cpro) and coronavirus 3CLpro In aggregate, our work expands knowledge of the innate immune evasion mechanisms associated with NEMO cleavage by arterivirus nsp4 and describes a novel substrate recognition characteristic of EAV nsp4.Keywords: 3C-like protease; NF-κB essential modulator; equine arteritis virus; interferon beta; porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.	马动脉炎病毒（EAV）和猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）代表了Arteriviridae家族的两个成员，对全球的马，猪养殖业构成了重大威胁。先前的研究表明，PRRSV nsp4（一种3C样蛋白酶）通过在单个位点谷氨酸349（E349）上裂解NF-κB必需调节剂（NEMO）来拮抗干扰素β（IFN-β）的产生。在这里，我们证明EAV nsp4还可以通过靶向NEMO进行蛋白水解切割来抑制病毒诱导的IFN-β产生，并且分裂发生在四个位点：E166，E171，谷氨酰胺205（Q205）和E349。此外，我们发现，除了先前报道的NEMO切割位点E349外，PRRSV nsp4的切割还发生在另外两个位点E166和E171。这些结果表明，虽然切割NEMO是EAV和PRRSV nsp4用来拮抗IFN诱导的常见策略，但EAV nsp4采用了更复杂的底物识别机制来靶向NEMO。通过分析EAV或PRRSV nsp4分裂产生的八个不同NEMO片段诱导IFN-β产生的能力，我们偶然发现NEMO片段（残基1至349）比全长NEMO能够更强大地激活IFN-β转录。 ，而所有其他NEMO裂解产物的IFN-β诱导能力均被废除。因此，仅在E349处的NEMO切割可能不足以通过该信号转导接头完全灭活IFN应答。总而言之，我们的发现表明EAV和PRRSV nsp4在多个位点切割NEMO，并且该策略对于解除固有的免疫应答以维持病毒生存至关重要。重要提示小肠病毒nsp4编码的3C样蛋白酶（3CLpro）在病毒中起重要作用复制和免疫逃逸，使其成为抗病毒治疗的有吸引力的目标。先前的工作表明PRRSV nsp4通过在单个位点切割NEMO抑制I型IFN的产生。相反，本研究表明，EAV和PRRSV nsp4均可在多个位点切割NEMO，并且该策略对于中断I型IFN的产生至关重要。此外，我们发现，EAV nsp4还可以在谷氨酰胺205（Q205）处裂解NEMO，而这并不是PRRSV nsp4的目标。值得注意的是，只有用小核糖核酸病毒3C蛋白酶（3Cpro）和冠状病毒3CLpro才能观察到针对NEMO进行切割的谷氨酰胺总的来说，我们的工作扩大了与动脉瘤病毒nsp4切割与NEMO切割有关的先天免疫逃逸机制的知识，并描述了新型底物识别特征关键词：3C样蛋白酶NF-κB必需调节剂；马动脉炎病毒；干扰素猪生殖和呼吸综合症病毒。

20696193	The PRRSV replicase: exploring the multifunctionality of an intriguing set of nonstructural proteins	Our knowledge about the structure and function of the nonstructural proteins (nsps) encoded by the arterivirus replicase gene has advanced in recent years. The continued characterization of the nsps of the arterivirus prototype equine arteritis virus has not only corroborated several important functional predictions, but also revealed various novel features of arteriviral replication. For porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV), based on bioinformatics predictions and experimental studies, a processing map for the pp1a and pp1ab replicase polyproteins has been developed. Crystal structures have been resolved for two of the PRRSV nonstructural proteins that possess proteinase activity (nsp1α and nsp4). The functional characterization of the key enzymes for arterivirus RNA synthesis, the nsp9 RNA polymerase and nsp10 helicase, has been initiated. In addition, progress has been made on nsp functions relating to the regulation of subgenomic mRNAs synthesis (nsp1), the induction of replication-associated membrane rearrangements (nsp2 and nsp3), and an intriguing replicative endoribonuclease (nsp11) for which the natural substrate remains to be identified. The role of nsps in viral pathogenesis and host immunity is also being explored, and specific nsps (including nsp1α/β, nsp2, nsp4, nsp7, and nsp11) have been implicated in the modulation of host immune responses to PRRSV infection. The nsp3-8 region was identified as containing major virulence factors, although mechanistic information is scarce. The biological significance of PRRSV nsps in virus-host interactions and the technical advancements in engineering the PRRSV genome by reverse genetics are also reflected in recent developments in the area of vaccines and diagnostic assays.	近年来，我们对由小动脉病毒复制酶基因编码的非结构蛋白（nsps）的结构和功能的了解已经发展。动脉病毒原型马动脉炎病毒的nsps的持续表征不仅证实了一些重要的功能预测，而且还揭示了动脉病毒复制的各种新颖特征。对于猪生殖和呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV），基于生物信息学的预测和实验研究，已开发了pp1a和pp1ab复制酶多蛋白的加工图。晶体结构已解析为具有蛋白酶活性的两种PRRSV非结构蛋白（nsp1α和nsp4）。已经启动了用于动脉病毒RNA合成的关键酶nsp9 RNA聚合酶和nsp10解旋酶的功能表征。此外，在与亚基因组mRNA合成调控（nsp1），诱导复制相关的膜重排（nsp2和nsp3）以及有趣的复制性内切核糖核酸酶（nsp11）有关的nsp功能方面也取得了进展，天然底物仍然保留被识别。 nsps在病毒发病机理和宿主免疫中的作用也正在探索中，特定的nsps（包括nsp1α/β，nsp2，nsp4，nsp7和nsp11）已参与了对PRRSV感染的宿主免疫反应的调节。尽管缺乏机械信息，但已确定nsp3-8区域包含主要毒力因子。疫苗和诊断检测领域的最新发展也反映了PRRSV nsps在病毒-宿主相互作用中的生物学意义以及通过反向遗传工程改造PRRSV基因组的技术进步。

28411461	Structural insights into type I and type II of nsp4 porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (nsp4 PRRSV) by molecular dynamics simulations	Porcine reproductive and respiratory virus (PRRSV) causes major economic concerns for the swine industry worldwide. We have performed molecular dynamics simulations (MD) and principle component analysis (PCA) to investigate the role of the catalytic triad and conformational dynamics of type I and type II of nsp4 PRRSV. The results showed that the RMSF of residues 136-142 near the active site of all models was highly flexible. Moreover, we identified the effect of single structural mutations of the catalytic triad. The percentage of residue with a 0.1nm RMSF value and PCA results revealed that the mutations affected domain I and II suggesting the wild types were more stable than the mutants. At the catalytic triad, the distances between H39 and S118 were very flexible while the distances between H39 and D64 were very stable. H39, D64 and S118 showed high occupancy percentage of the hydrogen bond interaction with many residues that are conserved in PRRSVAS, PRRSVES, LDVC, LDVP and EAV. Moreover, S118 of wild-type protein formed H-bonds with T134 and G135 but these interactions were lost in PRRSVAV (S118A) and PRRSVES (S117A) indicating that the substitution of important H-bond interaction in PRRSVAS (S118A) and PRRSVES (S117A) affected the flexibility around the catalytic triad, conformation and proteolytic activity. Overall, our study may provide the structural basic of the catalytic triad and be useful for testing the protein activity in future experiments.Keywords: Catalytic triad; GROMACS; Molecular dynamics; PRRSV; Porcine reproductive and respiratory virus; Principle component analysis; nsp4.	猪繁殖与呼吸道病毒（PRRSV）引起了全球养猪业的重大经济关切。我们已经进行了分子动力学模拟（MD）和主成分分析（PCA），以研究催化三联体的作用以及nsp4 PRRSV的I型和II型构象动力学。结果表明，所有模型活动位点附近的残基136-142的RMSF具有高度的灵活性。此外，我们确定了催化三联体的单个结构突变的影响。 RMSF值为0.1nm的残基百分比和PCA结果表明，突变影响域I和II，表明野生型比突变体更稳定。在催化三元组中，H39和S118之间的距离非常灵活，而H39和D64之间的距离非常稳定。 H39，D64和S118表现出高的氢键相互作用占有率，并且在PRRSVAS，PRRSVES，LDVC，LDVP和EAV中具有许多保守的残基。此外，野生型蛋白的S118与T134和G135形成H键，但这些相互作用在PRRSVAV（S118A）和PRRSVES（S117A）中丢失，表明PRRSVAS（S118A）和PRRSVES（S117A）中重要的H键相互作用被取代。 ）影响了催化三联体周围的柔韧性，构象和蛋白水解活性。总体而言，我们的研究可能提供催化三联体的结构基础，并在以后的实验中用于测试蛋白质活性。语法分子动力学； PRRSV；猪生殖和呼吸道病毒；主成分分析； nsp4。

30158128	Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Nonstructural Protein 4 Cleaves Porcine DCP1a To Attenuate Its Antiviral Activity	As one of the most significant etiological agents in pigs, porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) has adversely impacted the global swine industry since it was discovered in the 1980s. The mRNA-decapping enzyme 1a (DCP1a), a regulatory factor involved in removing the 5'-methylguanosine cap from eukaryotic mRNA, has recently been identified as an IFN-stimulated gene. However, the role of DCP1a in PRRSV infection is not well understood. In this study, overexpression and knockdown of porcine DCP1a (pDCP1a) showed that pDCP1a affected PRRSV infection. Interestingly, we found that PRRSV infection significantly downregulated pDCP1a expression at the protein level by cleaving pDCP1a. Furthermore, we demonstrated that PRRSV nonstructural protein 4 (nsp4), a 3C-like proteinase, is responsible for pDCP1a cleavage, and the cleaved site is at glutamic acid 238 (E238) of pDCP1a. The mutant pDCP1a-E238A, which cannot be cleaved by nsp4, showed higher anti-PRRSV activity, and the antiviral effects of two cleavage products (pDCP1a1-238 and pDCP1a239-580) were significantly decreased compared with wild type pDCP1a. Unexpectedly, PRRSV infection or overexpression of nsp4 did not cleave monkey DCP1a, and monkey DCP1a showed a higher anti-PRRSV activity than pDCP1a. Taken together, this study reveals a new strategy evolved by PRRSV to dampen the host defense, complementing the known PRRSV-mediated immune evasion mechanisms.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）作为猪中最重要的病原体之一，自1980年代被发现以来，对全球猪业产生了不利影响。最近，已确定mRNA脱帽酶1a（DCP1a）是从真核mRNA中去除5'-甲基鸟苷帽的调节因子，是IFN刺激的基因。但是，DCP1a在PRRSV感染中的作用尚不清楚。在这项研究中，猪DCP1a（pDCP1a）的过表达和敲低表明pDCP1a影响PRRSV感染。有趣的是，我们发现PRRSV感染通过切割pDCP1a在蛋白水平上显着下调了pDCP1a的表达。此外，我们证明了PRRSV非结构蛋白4（nsp4），一种3C样的蛋白酶，负责pDCP1a的切割，切割的位点位于pDCP1a的谷氨酸238（E238）。不能被nsp4裂解的突变​​体pDCP1a-E238A显示出更高的抗PRRSV活性，并且与野生型pDCP1a相比，两种裂解产物（pDCP1a1-238和pDCP1a239-580）的抗病毒作用均明显降低。出乎意料的是，PRRSV感染或nsp4的过表达不能裂解猴子DCP1a，并且猴子DCP1a显示出比pDCP1a高的抗PRRSV活性。两者合计，这项研究揭示了PRRSV为抑制宿主防御而开发的新策略，补充了已知的PRRSV介导的免疫逃逸机制。

28853255	[Preparation and identification of polyclonal antibodies specific for nsp4 protein of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus]	To obtain specific antibodies against nsp4 protein of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV), nsp4 gene was amplified by RT-PCR and cloned into pET-28a(+) vector, designated pET28a-nsp4. pET28a-nsp4 was transformed into Escherichia coli Trasseta (DE3) cells and expressed after induction of IPTG. SDS-PAGE analysis showed that the recombinant protein was expressed in soluble form with the molecular weight of 26 kDa. The soluble fusion protein in the supernatant was purified using Ni+-NTA affinity chromatography. New Zealand rabbits were immunized by the purified nsp4 and anti-sera against nsp4 were obtained. The titer of polyclonal antibodies was about 106 and showed good specificity and sensitivity in the immunofluorescence assay and Western blotting analysis. The polyclonal antibodies also recognized native nsp4 form PRRSV infected Marc-145 cells, providing a useful tool in PRRSV replication mechanism study.为了获得猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒 (PRRSV) nsp4的抗体，根据HP-PRRSV TA-12株 (GenBank Accession No. HQ416720) 的nsp4基因序列，设计并合成一对引物。用RT-PCR扩增后克隆到原核表达载体pET-28a(+) 中，构建重组质粒pET28a-nsp4，转化至Trasseta(DE3)，经IPTG诱导重组蛋白获得了高效可溶性表达，大小约为26 kDa。经镍离子亲和柱 (Ni+-NTA) 纯化获得了高纯度重组蛋白，将纯化的nsp4蛋白免疫新西兰大白兔制备了多克隆抗体。ELISA检测抗体效价可达106，Western blotting和IFA检测结果表明所制备的多克隆抗体具有良好的免疫反应特异性，能够识别PRRSV感染宿主细胞中的nsp4蛋白。本研究成功制备了针对nsp4的多克隆抗体，为进一步研究nsp4的功能及PRRSV致病机制奠定了基础。.Keywords: identification; nsp4; polyclonal antibody; porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.	为了获得针对猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）nsp4蛋白的特异性抗体，通过RT-PCR扩增nsp4基因，并将其克隆到pET-28a（+）载体中，命名为pET28a-nsp4。将pET28a-nsp4转化到大肠杆菌Trasseta（DE3）细胞中，并在诱导IPTG后表达。 SDS-PAGE分析表明重组蛋白以可溶性形式表达，分子量为26kDa。使用Ni + -NTA亲和色谱法纯化上清液中的可溶性融合蛋白。用纯化的nsp4免疫新西兰兔，获得抗nsp4的抗血清。多克隆抗体的效价约为106，在免疫荧光测定和蛋白质印迹分析中显示出良好的特异性和敏感性。该多克隆抗体还识别PRRSV感染的Marc-145细胞中的天然nsp4，为PRRSV复制机制研究提供了有用的工具。使用RT-PCR扩展后克隆到原核表达载体pET-28a（+）中，重组质粒pET28a-nsp4，转化至Traasseta（DE3）。 ），经IPTG诱导重组蛋白获得了高效可溶性表达，大小约为26 kDa。经镍离子亲和柱（Ni + -NTA）纯化获得了高纯度重组蛋白，将纯化的nsp4蛋白免疫新西兰大白兔制备了多克隆抗体。ELISA检测抗体效价可达性106，Western blotting和IFA检测结果表明所制备的多克隆抗体具有良好的免疫反应机理，能够识别PRRSV感染宿主细胞中的nsp4蛋白。关键词：识别； nsp4的多克隆抗体，为进一步研究nsp4的功能及PRRSV致病机制机理了基础。 nsp4;多克隆抗体;猪生殖和呼吸综合症病毒。

27329948	Highly Pathogenic Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Nsp4 Cleaves VISA to Impair Antiviral Responses Mediated by RIG-I-like Receptors	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is one of the most significant etiological agents in the swine industry worldwide. It has been reported that PRRSV infection can modulate host immune responses, and innate immune evasion is thought to play a vital role in PRRSV pathogenesis. In this study, we demonstrated that highly pathogenic PRRSV (HP-PRRSV) infection specifically down-regulated virus-induced signaling adaptor (VISA), a unique adaptor molecule that is essential for retinoic acid induced gene-I (RIG-I) and melanoma differentiation associated gene 5 (MDA5) signal transduction. Moreover, we verified that nsp4 inhibited IRF3 activation induced by signaling molecules, including RIG-I, MDA5, VISA, and TBK1, but not IRF3. Subsequently, we demonstrated that HP-PRRSV nsp4 down-regulated VISA and suppressed type I IFN induction. Importantly, VISA was cleaved by nsp4 and released from mitochondrial membrane, which interrupted the downstream signaling of VISA. However, catalytically inactive mutant of nsp4 abolished its ability to cleave VISA. Interestingly, nsp4 of typical PRRSV strain CH-1a had no effect on VISA. Taken together, these findings reveal a strategy evolved by HP-PRRSV to counteract anti-viral innate immune signaling, which complements the known PRRSV-mediated immune-evasion mechanisms.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）是全球养猪业中最重要的病原体之一。据报道，PRRSV感染可以调节宿主的免疫反应，并且固有的免疫逃逸被认为在PRRSV的发病机理中起着至关重要的作用。在这项研究中，我们证明了高致病性PRRSV（HP-PRRSV）感染特别下调了病毒诱导的信号转导接头（VISA），这是视黄酸诱导的基因I（RIG-I）和黑色素瘤必不可少的独特的接头分子分化相关基因5（MDA5）信号转导。此外，我们验证了nsp4抑制了由信号分子（包括RIG-1，MDA5，VISA和TBK1）诱导的IRF3激活，但没有抑制IRF3。随后，我们证明了HP-PRRSV nsp4下调了VISA，并抑制了I型IFN的诱导。重要的是，VISA被nsp4裂解并从线粒体膜释放，从而中断了VISA的下游信号传导。但是，nsp4的无催化活性的突变体消除了其切割VISA的能力。有趣的是，典型PRRSV株CH-1a的nsp4对VISA没有影响。综上所述，这些发现揭示了由HP-PRRSV进化出的一种对抗抗病毒先天免疫信号的策略，该策略补充了已知的PRRSV介导的免疫逃逸机制。

19646449	Structure and cleavage specificity of the chymotrypsin-like serine protease (3CLSP/nsp4) of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus (PRRSV)	Biogenesis and replication of the porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) include the crucial step of replicative polyprotein processing by self-encoded proteases. Whole genome bioinformatics analysis suggests that nonstructural protein 4 (nsp4) is a 3C-like serine protease (3CLSP), responsible for most of the nonstructural protein processing. The gene encoding this protease was cloned and expressed in Escherichia coli in order to confirm this prediction. The purified protein was crystallized, and the structure was solved at 1.9 A resolution. In addition, the crystal structure of the Ser118Ala mutant was determined at 2.0 A resolution. The monomeric enzyme folds into three domains, similar to that of the homologous protease of equine arteritis virus, which, like PRRSV, is a member of the family Arteriviridae in the order of Nidovirales. The active site of the PRRSV 3CLSP is located between domains I and II and harbors a canonical catalytic triad comprising Ser118, His39, and Asp64. The structure also shows an atypical oxyanion hole and a partially collapsed S1 specificity pocket. The proteolytic activity of the purified protein was assessed in vitro. Three sites joining nonstructural protein domains in the PRRSV replicative polyprotein are confirmed to be processed by the enzyme. Two of them, the nsp3/nsp4 and nsp11/nsp12 junctions, are shown to be cleaved in trans, while cis cleavage is demonstrated for the nsp4/nsp5 linker. Thus, we provide structural evidence as well as enzymatic proof of the nsp4 protein being a functional 3CLSP. We also show that the enzyme has a strong preference for glutamic acid at the P1 position of the substrate.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）的生物发生和复制包括通过自我编码的蛋白酶进行复制性多蛋白加工的关键步骤。全基因组生物信息学分析表明，非结构蛋白4（nsp4）是一种3C样丝氨酸蛋白酶（3CLSP），负责大多数非结构蛋白的加工。为了证实该预测，克隆了编码该蛋白酶的基因并在大肠杆菌中表达。纯化的蛋白质结晶，并以1.9 A的分辨率解析结构。此外，Ser118Ala突变体的晶体结构是在2.0 A分辨率下确定的。单体酶折叠成三个域，与马动脉炎病毒的同源蛋白酶相似，后者与PRRSV一样，是按Nidovirales顺序为Arteriviridae家族的成员。 PRRSV 3CLSP的活性位点位于域I和II之间，并包含一个包含Ser118，His39和Asp64的规范催化三联体。该结构还显示出一个非典型的氧阴离子孔和一个部分折叠的S1特异性口袋。在体外评估纯化蛋白的蛋白水解活性。证实在PRRSV复制性多蛋白中连接非结构蛋白结构域的三个位点被该酶加工。 nsp3 / nsp4和nsp11 / nsp12连接中的两个被显示为反式裂解，而nsp4 / nsp5接头显示为顺式裂解。因此，我们提供了结构性证据以及nsp4蛋白是功能性3CLSP的酶促证据。我们还表明，该酶对底物P1位置的谷氨酸有强烈的偏好。

32452419	Aspartic acid at residue 185 modulates the capacity of HP-PRRSV nsp4 to antagonize IFN-I expression	In a previous study, we have shown that highly-pathogenic PRRSV (HP-PRRSV) nonstructural protein 4 (nsp4) antagonizes type I IFN expression induced by poly(I:C). Here, we demonstrated that the mutation of Aspartic acid 185 (Asp185) impaired the ability of nsp4 to inhibit IFN-I production induced by poly(I:C). Subsequently, we verified that all the mutants at the residue 185, regardless of amino acid size (including Cys and Ser) and charge (including Glu and Lys), impaired nsp4 catalytic activity. However, when Asp185 in nsp4 was replaced by a similar structure amino acid Asparagine 185 (Asn185), nsp4 stayed but with a decreased protease activity. Importantly, the recombinant virus with Asn185 mutation in HP-PRRSV-nsp4 exhibited slower replication rate and higher ability to induce IFN-I expression compared with wild-type (wt) HP-PRRSV.Keywords: 3C-like serine protease; IFN-I; PRRSV; nsp4.	在以前的研究中，我们已经显示，高致病性PRRSV（HP-PRRSV）非结构蛋白4（nsp4）拮抗由poly（I：C）诱导的I型IFN表达。在这里，我们证明了天冬氨酸185（Asp185）的突变削弱了nsp4抑制由poly（I：C）诱导的IFN-1产生的能力。随后，我们验证了残基185处的所有突变体，无论氨基酸大小（包括Cys和Ser）和电荷（包括Glu和Lys）如何，均会损害nsp4催化活性。但是，当用相似结构的氨基酸天冬酰胺185（Asn185）替换nsp4中的Asp185时，nsp4保留了下来，但蛋白酶活性降低了。重要的是，与野生型（wt）HP-PRRSV相比，HP-PRRSV-nsp4中具有Asn185突变的重组病毒表现出较慢的复制速度和更高的诱导IFN-I表达的能力。干扰素-I； PRRSV； nsp4。

29098394	Serodiagnosis, targeting nonstructural protein 4, of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) causes great economic losses to the swine industry worldwide. Typically, an N protein-coated indirect enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (N-coated iELISA) is used to detect PRRSV antibodies. Non-structural protein (NSP) 4 is essential to the PRRSV life cycle and contains B-cell epitopes. Yet, no specific antibody against NSP4 has been detected in clinical samples. In this study, we developed an NSP4-coated iELISA and compared its effectiveness with the N-coated iELISA. The NSP4-coated iELISA was developed with a cut-off value of 0.406 at an optical density of 450 nm by testing a panel of 70 PRRSV positive and 80 PRRSV negative pig serum samples, which generated a specificity and sensitivity of 100%. Agreement between the NSP4-coated and N-coated iELISAs was 92.2%. Interestingly, 50 serum samples, mostly from pigs vaccinated with the HP-PRRSV live strain, tested positive for PRRSV antibodies with the NSP4-coated iELISA, but were negative with the N-coated iELISA. These results were further confirmed by western blot analysis and another iELISA based on the N-terminus of NSP2 (NSP2-1-coated iELISA). The agreement between the results of western blot analysis with the NSP4-coated and NSP2-1-coated iELISA analyses were 92% and 96.1%, respectively, showing that the developed NSP4-coated iELISA is a useful tool to discriminate a false negative from a true negative response to the HP-PRRSV vaccine.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）对全世界的养猪业造成巨大的经济损失。通常，使用N蛋白包被的间接酶联免疫吸附法（N包被的iELISA）检测PRRSV抗体。非结构蛋白（NSP）4对于PRRSV生命周期至关重要，并且包含B细胞表位。然而，尚未在临床样品中检测到针对NSP4的特异性抗体。在这项研究中，我们开发了NSP4涂层的iELISA，并将其有效性与N涂层的iELISA进行了比较。通过测试一组70个PRRSV阳性和80个PRRSV阴性的猪血清样品，开发了NSP4包被的iELISA，其光密度为450 nm时的截止值为0.406，其特异性和灵敏度为100％。 NSP4涂层和N涂层iELISA之间的一致性为92.2％。有趣的是，50份血清样品（主要来自接种了HP-PRRSV活株的猪）在NSP4涂层的iELISA中检测为PRRSV抗体阳性，而在N涂层的iELISA中为阴性。通过western印迹分析和基于NSP2 N末端的另一种iELISA（NSP2-1包裹的iELISA）进一步证实了这些结果。使用NSP4涂层和NSP2-1涂层的iELISA分析进行蛋白质印迹分析的结果之间的一致性分别为92％和96.1％，表明开发的NSP4涂层的iELISA是区分假阴性和阴性的有用工具。对HP-PRRSV疫苗的真正阴性反应。

27010387	Intracellularly expressed nanobodies against non-structural protein 4 of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus inhibit virus replication	Objective: To isolate specific nanobodies to porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) non-structural protein 4 (Nsp4) and investigate their potential antiviral activities.Results: Three PRRSV Nsp4-specific nanobodies were isolated from a phage display library of the variable domains of camelid heavy chain-only antibodies. Nanobody genes were introduced into MARC-145 cells using lentivirus vectors to establish cell lines stably expressing nanobodies. These intracellularly expressed nanobodies were tested for interaction with PRRSV-encoded Nsp4 within PRRSV-infected MARC-145 cells. Nb41 and Nb43 intrabodies each potently inhibited PRRSV replication, protected MARC-145 cells from PRRSV-induced cytopathic effect and fully blocked PRRSV replication at an MOI of 0.001 or lower.Conclusion: Intracellularly expressed Nb41 and Nb43 potently suppressed PRRSV replication in MARC-145 cells. Nanobodies hold great potential for development as novel antiviral treatments for PRRSV infection.Keywords: Intrabody; Lentivirus; Nanobody; Non-structural protein 4; Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus; Single-domain antibody.	目的：分离猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）非结构蛋白4（Nsp4）的特异性纳米抗体，并研究其潜在的抗病毒活性。结果：从可变域噬菌体展示文库中分离出三种PRRSV Nsp4特异性纳米抗体。骆驼重链抗体。使用慢病毒载体将纳米抗体基因引入MARC-145细胞，以建立稳定表达纳米抗体的细胞系。测试了这些细胞内表达的纳米抗体与PRRSV感染的MARC-145细胞内PRRSV编码的Nsp4的相互作用。 Nb41和Nb43体内抗体均能有效抑制PRRSV复制，保护MARC-145细胞免受PRRSV诱导的细胞病变作用，并在0.001或更低的MOI时完全阻断PRRSV复制。 。纳米抗体作为PRRSV感染的新型抗病毒治疗方法具有巨大的发展潜力。慢病毒纳米抗体非结构蛋白4;猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒；单域抗体。

26984724	Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Utilizes Nanotubes for Intercellular Spread	Intercellular nanotube connections have been identified as an alternative pathway for cellular spreading of certain viruses. In cells infected with porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV), nanotubes were observed connecting two distant cells with contiguous membranes, with the core infectious viral machinery (viral RNA, certain replicases, and certain structural proteins) present in/on the intercellular nanotubes. Live-cell movies tracked the intercellular transport of a recombinant PRRSV that expressed green fluorescent protein (GFP)-tagged nsp2. In MARC-145 cells expressing PRRSV receptors, GFP-nsp2 moved from one cell to another through nanotubes in the presence of virus-neutralizing antibodies. Intercellular transport of viral proteins did not require the PRRSV receptor as it was observed in receptor-negative HEK-293T cells after transfection with an infectious clone of GFP-PRRSV. In addition, GFP-nsp2 was detected in HEK-293T cells cocultured with recombinant PRRSV-infected MARC-145 cells. The intercellular nanotubes contained filamentous actin (F-actin) with myosin-associated motor proteins. The F-actin and myosin IIA were identified as coprecipitates with PRRSV nsp1β, nsp2, nsp2TF, nsp4, nsp7-nsp8, GP5, and N proteins. Drugs inhibiting actin polymerization or myosin IIA activation prevented nanotube formation and viral clusters in virus-infected cells. These data lead us to propose that PRRSV utilizes the host cell cytoskeletal machinery inside nanotubes for efficient cell-to-cell spread. This form of virus transport represents an alternative pathway for virus spread, which is resistant to the host humoral immune response.Importance: Extracellular virus particles transmit infection between organisms, but within infected hosts intercellular infection can be spread by additional mechanisms. In this study, we describe an alternative pathway for intercellular transmission of PRRSV in which the virus uses nanotube connections to transport infectious viral RNA, certain replicases, and certain structural proteins to neighboring cells. This process involves interaction of viral proteins with cytoskeletal proteins that form the nanotube connections. Intercellular viral spread through nanotubes allows the virus to escape the neutralizing antibody response and may contribute to the pathogenesis of viral infections. The development of strategies that interfere with this process could be critical in preventing the spread of viral infection.	细胞间纳米管连接已被确定为某些病毒在细胞内传播的替代途径。在感染了猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）的细胞中，观察到纳米管将两个相距遥远的细胞与连续的膜相连，并且在细胞间纳米管内/上存在核心传染性病毒机制（病毒RNA，某些复制品和某些结构蛋白）。 。活细胞电影跟踪了表达绿色荧光蛋白（GFP）标记的nsp2的重组PRRSV的细胞间运输。在表达PRRSV受体的MARC-145细胞中，GFP-nsp2在存在病毒中和抗体的情况下通过纳米管从一个细胞移动到另一个细胞。病毒蛋白的细胞间运输不需要PRRSV受体，因为在用GFP-PRRSV的感染性克隆转染后，在受体阴性的HEK-293T细胞中观察到了它。另外，在与重组PRRSV感染的MARC-145细胞共培养的HEK-293T细胞中检测到GFP-nsp2。细胞间纳米管含有丝状肌动蛋白（F-肌动蛋白）和肌球蛋白相关的运动蛋白。 F-肌动蛋白和肌球蛋白IIA与PRRSVnsp1β，nsp2，nsp2TF，nsp4，nsp7-nsp8，GP5和N蛋白共沉淀。抑制肌动蛋白聚合或肌球蛋白IIA活化的药物可防止病毒感染细胞中的纳米管形成和病毒簇。这些数据使我们提出PRRSV利用纳米管内部的宿主细胞细胞骨架机制进行有效的细胞间传播。这种形式的病毒运输代表了另一种途径的病毒传播途径，它抵抗宿主的体液免疫反应。在这项研究中，我们描述了PRRSV细胞间传播的另一种途径，其中病毒使用纳米管连接将感染性病毒RNA，某些复制品和某些结构蛋白运送到邻近细胞。该过程涉及病毒蛋白与形成纳米管连接的细胞骨架蛋白的相互作用。通过纳米管的细胞间病毒传播使病毒能够逃避中和抗体的反应，并可能有助于病毒感染的发病机理。制定干扰该过程的策略可能对防止病毒感染的传播至关重要。

29236778	Interaction of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus proteins with SUMO-conjugating enzyme reveals the SUMOylation of nucleocapsid protein	SUMOylation is a reversible post-translational modification that regulates the function of target protein. In this study, we first predicted by software that the multiple proteins of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) could be sumoylated. Next, we confirmed that Nsp1β, Nsp4, Nsp9, Nsp10 and nucleocapsid (N) protein of PRRSV could interact with the sole SUMO E2 conjugating enzyme Ubc9, and Ubc9 could be co-localized with Nsp1β, Nsp4, Nsp9 and Nsp10 in the cytoplasm, while with N protein in both the cytoplasm and nucleus. Finally, we demonstrated that N protein could be sumoylated by either SUMO1 or SUMO2/3. In addition, the overexpression of Ubc9 could inhibit viral genomic replication at early period of PRRSV infection and the knockdown of Ubc9 by siRNA could promote the virus replication. These findings reveal the SUMOylation property of PRRSV N protein and the involvement of Ubc9 in PRRSV replication through interaction with multiple proteins of PRRSV. To our knowledge, this is the first study indicating the interplay between SUMO modification system and PRRSV.	SUMOylation是可逆的翻译后修饰，可调节靶蛋白的功能。在这项研究中，我们首先通过软件预测猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）的多种蛋白可以被磺酰化。接下来，我们确认PRRSV的Nsp1β，Nsp4，Nsp9，Nsp10和核衣壳（N）蛋白可以与唯一的SUMO E2结合酶Ubc9相互作用，并且Ubc9可以与Nsp1β，Nsp4，Nsp9和Nsp10共定位于细胞质中，而在细胞质和细胞核中都含有N蛋白。最后，我们证明了N蛋白可以被SUMO1或SUMO2 / 3磺酰化。此外，在PRRSV感染的早期，Ubc9的过表达可抑制病毒基因组复制，而siRNA敲除Ubc9则可促进病毒复制。这些发现揭示了PRRSV N蛋白的SUMOylation特性以及Ubc9通过与多种PRRSV蛋白相互作用而参与PRRSV复制。据我们所知，这是第一个表明SUMO修改系统和PRRSV之间相互作用的研究。

27310256	Induction of Apoptosis by the Nonstructural Protein 4 and 10 of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus	Infection by most viruses triggers apoptosis in host cells, and viruses manipulate this cell response to promote viral replication, virus spread, and cell killing. Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) has been shown to induce apoptosis both in vitro and in vivo, while the regulatory roles of PRRSV-encoded products in apoptosis are not fully understood. In the present study, we first showed a biphasic apoptosis regulation by a highly pathogenic PRRSV strain JXwn06. It was indicated that PRRSV infection delays apoptosis at early infection but activates apoptosis at late infection in MARC-145 cells. In PRRSV-infected MARC-145 cells, procaspase-8, -9 and -12 were activated at late infection, demonstrating the involvements of death receptor pathway, mitochondrial pathway and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress pathway in inducing apoptosis. PRRSV was also shown to induce a similar apoptosis process in pulmonary alveolar macrophages (PAMs) with an early initiation. Next, the PRRSV-encoded apoptosis inducers were screened, indicating that the nonstructural protein (Nsp) 4 and Nsp10 of PRRSV are pro-apoptotic. In the presence of Nsp4, it was confirmed that procaspase-8, -9 and -12 were cleaved, and Nsp4 facilitates the cleavage of procaspase-9 by activating B-cell lymphoma 2 interacting mediator of cell death (Bim), a pro-apoptotic protein. In addition, Nsp4 was shown to induce the degradation of an anti-apoptotic protein, B-cell lymphoma-extra large (Bcl-xL). Nsp10 was shown to activate procaspase-8 and -9 but procaspase-12 and to upregulate the expression of BH3-only pro-apoptotic protein BH3 interacting-domain death agonist (Bid) and its active form, truncated Bid (tBid). Clearly, the participation of both activated caspase-8 and Bid is required for Nsp10-induced apoptosis, indicating a crosstalk between extrinsic- and mitochondria-dependent pathways. Together, our findings suggest that PRRSV infection regulates apoptosis in a two-phase manner and activates all three apoptotic pathways; the Nsp4 and Nsp10 of PRRSV function as apoptosis inducers with different molecular basis.	大多数病毒感染会触发宿主细胞凋亡，病毒会操纵这种细胞反应来促进病毒复制，病毒传播和细胞杀伤。猪生殖和呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）已显示在体​​外和体内均可诱导细胞凋亡，而PRRSV编码产物在细胞凋亡中的调控作用尚不完全清楚。在本研究中，我们首先显示了高致病性PRRSV株JXwn06的双相凋亡调控。提示PRRSV感染在MARC-145细胞中延迟了早期感染的凋亡，但是在晚期感染时激活了凋亡。在PRRSV感染的MARC-145细胞中，procaspase-8，-9和-12在晚期感染时被激活，表明死亡受体途径，线粒体途径和内质网（ER）应激途径参与诱导凋亡。 PRRSV还显示在早期启动时可诱导肺泡巨噬细胞（PAM）发生类似的凋亡过程。接下来，筛选PRRSV编码的凋亡诱导剂，表明PRRSV的非结构蛋白（Nsp）4和Nsp10是促凋亡的。在存在Nsp4的情况下，已确认procaspase-8，-9和-12被切割，并且Nsp4通过激活B细胞淋巴瘤2相互作用的细胞死亡介导物（Bim）促进procaspase-9的切割，Bpro是前者。凋亡蛋白。此外，显示Nsp4诱导抗凋亡蛋白B细胞淋巴瘤超大（Bcl-xL）的降解。 Nsp10已显示可激活procaspase-8和-9，但可激活procaspase-12，并上调仅BH3促凋亡蛋白BH3相互作用域死亡激动剂（Bid）及其活性形式截短的Bid（tBid）的表达。显然，Nsp10诱导的细胞凋亡需要激活的caspase-8和Bid的参与，这表明外在和线粒体依赖性途径之间存在串扰。在一起，我们的发现表明PRRSV感染以两阶段的方式调节细胞凋亡并激活所有三个凋亡途径。 PRRSV的Nsp4和Nsp10作为不同分子基础的凋亡诱导剂。

28003480	Nonstructural Protein 4 of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Modulates Cell Surface Swine Leukocyte Antigen Class I Expression by Downregulating β2-Microglobulin Transcription	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is the causative agent of PRRS, which has important impacts on the pig industry. PRRSV infection results in disruption of the swine leukocyte antigen class I (SLA-I) antigen presentation pathway. In this study, highly pathogenic PRRSV (HP-PRRSV) infection inhibited transcription of the β2-microglobulin (β2M) gene (B2M) and reduced cellular levels of β2M, which forms a heterotrimeric complex with the SLA-I heavy chain and a variable peptide and plays a critical role in SLA-I antigen presentation. HP-PRRSV nonstructural protein 4 (Nsp4) was involved in the downregulation of β2M expression. Exogenous expression of Nsp4 downregulated β2M expression at both the mRNA and the protein level and reduced SLA-I expression on the cell surface. Nsp4 bound to the porcine B2M promoter and inhibited its transcriptional activity. Domain III of Nsp4 and the enhancer PAM element of the porcine B2M promoter were identified as essential for the interaction between Nsp4 and B2M These findings demonstrate a novel mechanism whereby HP-PRRSV may modulate the SLA-I antigen presentation pathway and provide new insights into the functions of HP-PRRSV Nsp4. IMPORTANCE PRRSV modulates the host response by disrupting the SLA-I antigen presentation pathway. We show that HP-PRRSV downregulates SLA-I expression on the cell surface via transcriptional inhibition of B2M expression by viral Nsp4. The interaction between domain III of Nsp4 and the enhancer PAM element of the porcine B2M promoter is essential for inhibiting B2M transcription. These observations reveal a novel mechanism whereby HP-PRRSV may modulate SLA-I antigen presentation and provide new insights into the functions of viral Nsp4.Keywords: Nsp4; PRRSV; SLA-I; porcine B2M promoter; porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus; β2-microglobulin.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）是PRRS的病原体，对养猪业具有重要影响。 PRRSV感染导致猪白细胞抗原I类（SLA-1）抗原呈递途径的破坏。在这项研究中，高致病性PRRSV（HP-PRRSV）感染抑制了β2-微球蛋白（β2M）基因（B2M）的转录并降低了β2M的细胞水平，从而与SLA-1重链和可变肽形成了异源三聚体复合物并在SLA-1抗原呈递中起关键作用。 HP-PRRSV非结构蛋白4（Nsp4）参与β2M表达的下调。 Nsp4的外源表达下调了mRNA和蛋白质水平的β2M表达，并降低了细胞表面SLA-1的表达。 Nsp4与猪B2M启动子结合并抑制其转录活性。 Nsp4的结构域III和猪B2M启动子的增强PAM元件被确定为Nsp4和B2M之间相互作用的必要条件。这些发现表明，HP-PRRSV可以调节SLA-1抗原呈递途径并提供新的见解。 HP-PRRSV Nsp4的功能。重要PRRSV通过破坏SLA-1抗原呈递途径来调节宿主反应。我们显示，HP-PRRSV通过转录抑制病毒Nsp4的B2M表达而下调SLA-1在细胞表面的表达。 Nsp4的结构域III与猪B2M启动子的增强PAM元件之间的相互作用对于抑制B2M转录至关重要。这些观察结果揭示了HP-PRRSV可以调节SLA-1抗原呈递的新机制，并提供了对病毒Nsp4功能的新见解。 PRRSV； SLA-I；猪B2M启动子；猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒； β2-微球蛋白。

24911239	The amino acid at residue 155 in nonstructural protein 4 of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus contributes to its inhibitory effect for interferon-β transcription in vitro	Type I interferons (IFNs), predominantly IFN-α and β, play important roles in both innate and adaptive immune responses against viral infections. Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) has been recognized to be able to down-regulate the IFN response during in vivo and in vitro infection. In this study, we first analyzed inhibitory effect of each NSP of low pathogenic PRRSV HB-1/3.9 on IFN-β transcription in MARC-145 cells, and the results showed that the IFN-β promoter activation could be suppressed by NSP1α, NSP2, NSP1β, NSP3, NSP4, NSP5 and NSP11. We next confirmed that the inhibitory effect of NSP4 was mainly mediated through suppressing NF-κB activation, whereas not hindering NF-κB phosphorylation and nuclear translocation, and nuclear-localized NSP4 was responsible for inhibiting IFN-β activation. We further found that the NSP4 of different pathogenic PRRSV strains exhibited differential inhibitory effect on IFN-β, NF-κB, and IRF3 transcription, and the NSP4 of highly pathogenic (HP)-PRRSV could display more strong inhibitory effect. Finally, we determined that the amino acid at residue 155 in NSP4 contributed to its inhibitory effect for IFN-β transcription in vitro by altering its subcellular distribution. Our findings suggest that the nucleus-localized NSP4 of PRRSV participates in the modulation of the host type I IFNs system, and also provide novel insight for understanding the pathogenesis of the Chinese HP-PRRSV.Keywords: In vitro; Inhibitory effect; Interferon-β (IFN-β); Nonstructural protein 4 (NSP4); Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV); Transcription.	I型干扰素（IFNs），主要是IFN-α和β，在针对病毒感染的先天性和适应性免疫应答中都起着重要作用。猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）已被公认能够在体内和体外感染过程中下调IFN反应。在这项研究中，我们首先分析了低致病性PRRSV HB-1 / 3.9的每个NSP对MARC-145细胞中IFN-β转录的抑制作用，结果表明NSP1α，NSP2可以抑制IFN-β启动子的激活。 ，NSP1β，NSP3，NSP4，NSP5和NSP11。接下来，我们证实NSP4的抑制作用主要是通过抑制NF-κB激活而介导的，而不是阻碍NF-κB磷酸化和核易位，而核定位的NSP4则是抑制IFN-β激活的原因。我们进一步发现不同致病性PRRSV株的NSP4对IFN-β，NF-κB和IRF3转录表现出不同的抑制作用，而高致病性（HP）-PRRSV的NSP4表现出更强的抑制作用。最后，我们确定NSP4中第155位残基的氨基酸通过改变其亚细胞分布，在体外对IFN-β转录产生了抑制作用。我们的研究结果表明PRRSV的核定位NSP4参与宿主I型IFNs系统的调节，也为了解中国HP-PRRSV的发病机理提供了新颖的见解。抑制作用；干扰素-β（IFN-β）；非结构蛋白4（NSP4）；猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）；转录。

25008936	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus nonstructural protein 4 antagonizes beta interferon expression by targeting the NF-κB essential modulator	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is a highly infectious pathogen that causes severe diseases in pigs and great economic losses to the swine industry worldwide. Type I interferons (IFNs) play a crucial role in antiviral immunity. In the present study, we demonstrated that infection with the highly pathogenic PRRSV strain JXwn06 antagonized type I IFN expression induced by poly(I·C) in both porcine alveolar macrophages (PAMs) and blood monocyte-derived macrophages (BMo). Subsequently, we showed that the inhibition of poly(I·C)-induced IFN-β production by PRRSV was dependent on the blocking of NF-κB signaling pathways. By screening PRRSV nonstructural and structural proteins, we demonstrated that nonstructural protein 4 (nsp4), a viral 3C-like serine protease, significantly suppressed IFN-β expression. Moreover, we verified that nsp4 inhibited NF-κB activation induced by signaling molecules, including RIG-I, VISA, TRIF, and IKKβ. nsp4 was shown to target the NF-κB essential modulator (NEMO) at the E349-S350 site to mediate its cleavage. Importantly, nsp4 mutants with defective protease activity abolished its ability to cleave NEMO and inhibit IFN-β production. These findings might have implications for our understanding of PRRSV pathogenesis and its mechanisms for evading the host immune response.Importance: Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is a major agent of respiratory diseases in pigs. Like many other viruses, PRRSV has evolved a variety of strategies to evade host antiviral innate immunity for survival and propagation. In this study, we show that PRRSV nsp4 is a novel antagonist of the NF-κB signaling pathway, which is responsible for regulating the expression of type I interferons and other crucial cytokines. We then investigated the underlying mechanism used by nsp4 to suppress NF-κB-mediated IFN-β production. We found that nsp4 interfered with the NF-κB signaling pathway through the cleavage of NEMO (a key regulator of NF-κB signaling) at the E349-S350 site, leading to the downregulation of IFN-β production induced by poly(I·C). The data presented here may help us to better understand PRRSV pathogenesis.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）是一种高度传染性的病原体，可导致猪的严重疾病，并给全球养猪业带来巨大的经济损失。 I型干扰素（IFN）在抗病毒免疫中起着至关重要的作用。在本研究中，我们证明了在猪肺泡巨噬细胞（PAM）和血单核细胞衍生巨噬细胞（BMo）中，由高致病性PRRSV株JXwn06感染可拮抗聚（I·C）诱导的I型IFN表达。随后，我们表明PRRSV对poly（I·C）诱导的IFN-β产生的抑制作用取决于对NF-κB信号通路的阻断。通过筛选PRRSV非结构和结构蛋白，我们证明非结构蛋白4（nsp4），一种病毒3C样丝氨酸蛋白酶，显着抑制IFN-β的表达。此外，我们验证了nsp4抑制了由信号分子（包括RIG-1，VISA，TRIF和IKKβ）诱导的NF-κB活化。已显示nsp4靶向E349-S350位点的NF-κB必需调节剂（NEMO）以介导其裂解。重要的是，具有缺陷蛋白酶活性的nsp4突变体消除了其切割NEMO和抑制IFN-β产生的能力。这些发现可能对我们对PRRSV发病机理及其逃避宿主免疫应答的机制的理解具有重要意义。重要提示：猪繁殖与呼吸综合征病毒（PRRSV）是猪呼吸道疾病的主要病因。像许多其他病毒一样，PRRSV已经进化出各种策略来逃避宿主抗病毒先天免疫力的生存和繁殖。在这项研究中，我们显示PRRSV nsp4是NF-κB信号通路的新型拮抗剂，其负责调节I型干扰素和其他关键细胞因子的表达。然后，我们研究了nsp4抑制NF-κB介导的IFN-β产生的潜在机制。我们发现，nsp4通过在E349-S350位点切割NEMO（NF-κB信号的关键调节因子）而干扰NF-κB信号通路，从而导致由poly（I·C）诱导的IFN-β产生下调。 ）。此处提供的数据可能有助于我们更好地了解PRRSV的发病机理。

25557977	Proteolytic processing of the porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus replicase	The porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) replicase polyproteins pp1a and pp1ab are proteolytically processed by four proteases encoded in ORF1a. In this study, a large set of PRRSV replicase cleavage products were identified and pp1a cleavage sites were verified by using a combination of bioinformatics, proteomics, immunoprecipitation, and site-directed mutagenesis. For genotype 1 PRRSV (isolate SD01-08), proteomic analysis identified H180/S181, G385/A386, and G1446/A1447 as the cleavage sites separating nsp1α/1β, nsp1β/nsp2, and nsp2/nsp3, respectively. Transient expression of nsp2-8, nsp3-8, nsp4-8, nsp5-8 (using the recombinant vaccinia virus/T7 RNA polymerase system) and immunoprecipitation identified the cleavage end products nsp2, nsp3, nsp4, nsp7α and nsp7β, and various processing intermediates. Our studies also revealed the existence of alternative proteolytic processing pathways for the processing of the nsp3-8 region, depending on the presence or absence of nsp2 as a co-factor. The identity of most cleavage products was further corroborated by site-directed mutagenesis of individual cleavage sites in constructs expressing nsp3-8 or nsp4-8. This study constitutes the first in-depth experimental analysis of PRRSV replicase processing and the data are discussed against the background of the processing scheme previously derived for the arterivirus prototype, the distantly related equine arteritis virus (EAV). Despite several differences between the two viruses, of which the functional significance remains to be studied, our study demonstrates the general conservation of the replicase pp1a processing scheme between EAV and PRRSV, and likely also the other members of the arterivirus family.Keywords: Arterivirus; Cleavage site; Nidovirus; Nonstructural protein; Protease; Replication.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）复制酶多蛋白pp1a和pp1ab由ORF1a中编码的四种蛋白酶进行蛋白水解处理。在这项研究中，通过使用生物信息学，蛋白质组学，免疫沉淀和定点诱变的组合，鉴定了大量PRRSV复制酶裂解产物，并验证了pp1a裂解位点。对于基因型1 PRRSV（分离SD01-08），蛋白质组学分析确定H180 / S181，G385 / A386和G1446 / A1447为分别分离nsp1α/1β，nsp1β/ nsp2和nsp2 / nsp3的切割位点。 nsp2-8，nsp3-8，nsp4-8，nsp5-8的瞬时表达（使用重组痘苗病毒/ T7 RNA聚合酶系统）和免疫沉淀鉴定了裂解最终产物nsp2，nsp3，nsp4，nsp7α和nsp7β以及各种加工中间体。我们的研究还揭示了取决于存在或不存在作为辅助因子的nsp2，存在用于处理nsp3-8区域的其他蛋白水解处理途径。通过表达nsp3-8或nsp4-8的构建体中单个切割位点的定点诱变，进一步证实了大多数切割产物的身份。这项研究构成了PRRSV复制酶加工的首次深入实验分析，并在先前从动脉病毒原型（远距离相关的马动脉炎病毒（EAV））获得的加工方案的背景下讨论了数据。尽管这两种病毒之间存在若干差异，但其功能意义尚待研究，但我们的研究表明，EAV和PRRSV之间可能存在复制酶pp1a加工方案的一般保守性，可能还有动脉病毒家族的其他成员。切割位点；尼多病毒;非结构蛋白蛋白酶复制。

30353315	Identification of Nonstructural Protein 8 as the N-Terminus of the RNA-Dependent RNA Polymerase of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is a member within the family Arteriviridae of the order Nidovirales. Replication of this positive-stranded RNA virus within the host cell involves expression of viral replicase proteins encoded by two ORFs, namely ORF1a and ORF1b. In particular, translation of ORF1b depends on a -1-ribosomal frameshift strategy. Thus, nonstructural protein 9 (nsp9), the first protein within ORF1b that specifies the function of the viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, is expressed as the C-terminal extension of nsp8, a small nsp that is encoded by ORF1a. However, it has remained unclear whether the mature form of nsp9 in virus-infected cells still retains nsp8, addressing which is clearly critical to understand the biological function of nsp9. By taking advantage of specific antibodies to both nsp8 and nsp9, we report the following findings. (1) In infected cells, PRRSV nsp9 was identified as a major product with a size between 72 and 95 kDa (72-95 KDa form), which exhibited the similar mobility on the gel to the in vitro expressed nsp8-9ORF1b, but not the ORF1b-coded portion (nsp9ORF1b). (2) The antibodies to nsp8, but not to nsp7 or nsp10, could detect a major product that had the similar mobility to the 72-95 KDa form of nsp9. Moreover, nsp9 could be co-immunoprecipitated by antibodies to nsp8, and vice versa. (3) Neither nsp4 nor nsp2 PLP2 was able to cleave nsp8-nsp9 in vitro. Together, our studies provide experimental evidence to suggest that nsp8 is an N-terminal extension of nsp9. Our findings here paves way for further charactering the biological function of PRRSV nsp9.Keywords: Nsp8; Nsp9; Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV).	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）是Nidovirales氏动脉病毒科的成员。这种正链RNA病毒在宿主细胞内的复制涉及由两个ORF（即ORF1a和ORF1b）编码的病毒复制酶蛋白的表达。特别是，ORF1b的翻译取决于-1-核糖体移码策略。因此，非结构蛋白9（nsp9）是ORF1b中指定病毒RNA依赖性RNA聚合酶功能的第一个蛋白，被表达为nsp8的C端延伸，nsp8是由ORF1a编码的小nsp。但是，尚不清楚在病毒感染的细胞中nsp9的成熟形式是否仍保留nsp8，这一点显然对于理解nsp9的生物学功能至关重要。通过利用针对nsp8和nsp9的特异性抗体，我们报告了以下发现。 （1）在受感染的细胞中，PRRSV nsp9被鉴定为大小在72至95 kDa（72-95 KDa形式）之间的主要产物，在凝胶上的迁移率与体外表达的nsp8-9ORF1b相似，但没有ORF1b编码部分（nsp9ORF1b）。 （2）针对nsp8的抗体，而非针对nsp7或nsp10的抗体，可以检测出具有与nsp9的72-95 KDa形式相似的迁移率的主要产物。此外，nsp9可以被针对nsp8的抗体共同免疫沉淀，反之亦然。 （3）nsp4和nsp2 PLP2都无法在体外切割nsp8-nsp9。总之，我们的研究提供了实验证据，表明nsp8是nsp9的N端延伸。我们的发现为进一步鉴定PRRSV nsp9的生物学功能铺平了道路。 Nsp9;猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）。

25719944	Immunological features of the non-structural proteins of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus	Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is currently one of the most important viruses affecting the swine industry worldwide. Despite the large number of papers published each year, the participation of non-structural proteins (nsps) in the immune response is not completely clear. nsps have been involved in the host innate immune response, specifically, nsp1α/β, nsp2, nsp4 and nsp11 have been associated with the immunomodulation capability of the virus. To date, only participation by nsp1, nsp2, nsp4 and nsp7 in the humoral immune response has been reported, with the role of other nsps being overlooked. Furthermore, nsp1, nsp2, nsp5, nsp7 nsp9, nsp10, nsp11 have been implicated in the induction of IFN-γ and probably in the development of the cell-mediated immune response. This review discusses recent reports involving the participation of nsps in the modulation of the innate immune response and their role in the induction of both the humoral and cellular immune responses.	猪繁殖与呼吸综合症病毒（PRRSV）当前是影响全球养猪业的最重要病毒之一。尽管每年发表大量论文，但非结构蛋白（nsps）在免疫应答中的参与尚不完全清楚。 nsps参与了宿主的先天免疫应答，特别是nsp1α/β，nsp2，nsp4和nsp11与病毒的免疫调节能力有关。迄今为止，仅报道了nsp1，nsp2，nsp4和nsp7参与体液免疫反应，而忽略了其他nsps的作用。此外，nsp1，nsp2，nsp5，nsp7，nsp9，nsp10，nsp11与IFN-γ的诱导有关，并且可能与细胞介导的免疫应答的发展有关。这篇综述讨论了有关nsps参与先天免疫应答的调节及其在诱导体液和细胞免疫应答中的作用的最新报道。

